Update README (#728)
auth0/auth0-deploy-cli: README.md

![Deploy CLI Banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28300158/215845643-0db6c97f-b090-40f7-b0a3-551d6973aeff.png)

> [![Npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/auth0-deploy-cli.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/auth0-deploy-cli)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/auth0-deploy-cli.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/auth0-deploy-cli)
```

a0deploy import -c=config.json --input_file local/tenant.yaml
```

## Feedback

### Contributing

We appreciate feedback and contribution to this repo! Before you get started, please see the following:

- [Contribution Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [Auth0's General Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/auth0/open-source-template/blob/master/GENERAL-CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [Auth0's Code of Conduct Guidelines](https://github.com/auth0/open-source-template/blob/master/CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md)

### Raise an issue

> To provide feedback or report a bug, [please raise an issue on our issue tracker](https://github.com/auth0/go-auth0/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide feedback or report a bug, [please raise an issue on our issue tracker](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-deploy-cli/issues).
```

Author: 🙈 copy pasta!
